We broke some things.
I'm gonna dive a little more in
detail about how to actually
format some of those errors.
And then we're gonna talk
about some of the built in
error classes that Apollo gives us,
that has like very specific error codes.
So let's do that.
So I just showed you how to throw
errors which, it's not that hard.
You just, throw an error.
That's really cool.
But what if we wanted to use
some custom errors like for
instance, a user was not authenticated.
We could handle it like we have
authentication logic in our context,
method and our other server and right now.
We're just throwing errors.
They're super generic.
But what if we wanna make our own error
class that had like a some specific code.
Well, Apollo server has
some of those built in.
And one of them is called
authentication error.
That's a one.
Another one is, user input error.
And I think they're all
based off on Apollo error.
So you can make your own era class
extended from Apollo era and
use them for wherever you want.
So in this case authentication error.
If I wanted to say that
user was authenticated,
I'm just going to replace it here.
Authentication error.
And we can just say, not off like that.
Save that.
There we go.
Try to run this again and you can see
I still get the same message not off
everything but then you get this code.
The code is changed.
It's unauthenticated,
we didn't have to do anything about that.
You can see the statue starts
off with authentication error,
and we still get this stacktrace.
So this is like a really great starting
place to create or to use, like some built
in error messages or error handlers that
a GraphQL or Apollo provides for us.
Another one is like the user input one.
So this is like one if I think we had
a question earlier, what the wrapping
the resolvers be a good place for checking
the input on an incoming resolver.
Yeah, and then if you want to throw an
error based on that you can use this class
right here user input error.
So you gave me the wrong field or
something like that.
This will give you a nice area that you
can handle on your front end to determine
if the user input was messed up or not.
So you can show an error
to your users like,
Hey, you just you didn't
type the right stuff.
And it's a little off.
And usually it's something that like
you can't detect on the schema level.
So, yeah, the schema says it's a string,
and you sent me a string, but
my database says it can't
be longer than eight.
And you sent me 10 characters.
So I'm gonna throw you
a bad user input error.
So something like that, and
you can see is pretty, pretty simple.
There's nothing to it.
And as far as like extending your own,
I mean, you can look at the docs but
it's basically super simple.
All you have to do is
extend this Apollo error.
You can add your own message, you can add
your own code, as it's very basic, but
you can also just make
your own error class.
And it also works pretty
fine to just give it a code.
It's really basic if you go look
at the code for Apollo error.
So that's one thing for
the built in errors.
The other thing is intercepting errors and
changing them.
So you can go down to Apollo Server.
You can type in formatError(),
which is a function.
And you can see that the arguments here
are gonna be basically the error
that comes in from GraphQL.
So if we do this, and
I were to just log this error here?
You'll see what I'm talking about,
console.log(e), and
I'm just gonna return that error,
so we don't break anything.
Run this one more time, still breaks.
And if we go back,
we can see we get this error here.
It's a GraphQL error.
Wrong filters the message that I put and
you can see,
here's all the stuff you have access
to all this so you can remove Pushpop.
Do whatever you want to this error and
return it.
So if I'm just like, you know what,
I don't want to have the exception
on the extensions very quick.
So I'm just got to take that off.
You could just take it off as an object,
you can modify it and
return it however you want.
There's nothing stopping me from
returning a completely new error here.
And says my error.
And completely overriding whatever
you through in your resolvers.
It's my error now.
So you have complete control over that.
This is also a good place if you're
using something like Century or
any error reporting software,
you would do that here.
It's okay,
I wanna report like actual app errors.
I don't wanna report user input errors.
I don't wanna report
authentication errors.
So you would filter based software
errors type to determine.
This is something you wanna
report to Century or not.
First is reporting every single answer,
every single error to century or
whatever your error log in
services if you have one.
That's something we do a lot because the
last thing I wanna do is log into error
reporting software and
see like a 1000 unauthenticated
errors that's not a real error.
I don't really care about that I
used to forget the Azure API key.
But I do want to see if my app crashed
because the resolvers messed up or
the database hung on a query or something
like that I want to see those errors.
So I'll filter them out here and
report only on that.
And it's pretty easy.
So if any one of those errors were created
with Apollo you can do like instance of
Sydney like he instance of and it feels
authentication arrogance is an instance of
authentication error is it an instance of.
Whatever that works pretty well, even an
instance of Apollo era works pretty well,
they all kind of come from there.
Or you can just like look at any other
type of metadata that you want to look at,
but you have complete control over it.
So if you can't get the type of error
reporting you want by creating an error
class, you can always go back to format
and do literally whatever you want.
And that's what's gonna happen.